So now that we've defined the put_to_stream function,
let's run these few lines of code here to run the function over and
over again with a little bit of time in between it in order to start
sending data into our Kinesis data stream.
So, let's hit Enter there.
Now this will keep running,
and it's not going to stop or provide any input to us,
but as long as it's paused here, that means we're sending data into that stream.
And make sure that you run this code after you've already created the
stream and it's in the active state like we just saw.
Otherwise, the data won't go in and you might get an error here,
or you might need to restart it.
So now that we've finished this, we'll go over to the analytics.sql portion here.
Now,
I'm going to use this SQL code inside of analytics.sql to create
a Kinesis Data Analytics application that processes all the data
inside of our Kinesis data stream.
So let's go back over to that and take a look inside of the AWS console.
Now I already have my sales stream created here,
so next we need to go to Analytics applications.
You can get there directly from this side window here or from the higher
level dashboard by clicking on Amazon Kinesis Data Analytics.
Now, if you've already created an application,
it might look different here, but we're going to start with Create application.
I'm going to give this application a name.
Let's call it salesapp, so it'll let us see all sales data.
And we're going to use, in this case, SQL to process the data that's coming in,
although we could also use Apache Flink,
which is another tool for doing this sort of work.
Now that we're done selecting the runtime and giving the application a name,
we can scroll over and click Create application.
So now we've created the application,
we have to configure it with some streaming data.
So I'm going to click Connect streaming data here,
and if we go back up, there's a few different options for how we configure this.
We could have a source that we already have in existence,
or we could create a new stream by configuring a new stream.
In this case,
I'm going to stick with the source that we've already had
auto‑selected here of Choose source,
and then I'm going to leave the Kinesis data stream here selected as well.
Now, to make this easier to see,
let's close out this window up at the top there so we
have a fuller view of what's going on.
Now,
the Kinesis data stream we want to use should appear for us
automatically because we already created it.
So I'm going to select the sales stream here,
and instead of creating a new one or anything else like that,
we'll just leave it selected and continue scrolling down.
Now,
we could pre‑process data with AWS Lambda or change some of the
ways that permissions are happening here,
but we're going to leave all these defaults the same and
scroll down to the Schema section.
Before we save this application,
we need to discover what the schema of the incoming data looks like,
and Kinesis Data Analytics should do this for us automatically.
Now,
it might take a moment or two for this data to go into the stream
that we were sending it in from our Python script,
and then allow that to be processed and discovered in Schema.
So,
now you'll see this is about what the schema looks like
going into our Kinesis data stream.
We're creating a unique ID for the sale_id,
then we also have this COL_timestamp value,
which is an epoch integer timestamp for when this actually
happened and was sent into the stream.
From there, we have the product_sold, a raincoat,
jeans, a shirt or any of those other items,
and the number of items that were sold in a particular instance.
Now, if we wanted to start processing this data,
we can go down and click Save and continue,
and then our application will allow us to run some SQL against this data.
So,
let's go over to the SQL editor so we can start running our SQL
code against our Kinesis Data Analytics application and the
incoming data from the Kinesis data stream.
We'll need to click Yes, start application.
Now we'll be given a SQL editor that we can write our own SQL in,
and there's a variety of different templates we could choose from that AWS
offers for us against the data that's inside of our stream.
However, these are all examples that pertain to different datasets,
and we need to modify them for our purposes.
So, in this case,
we're going to avoid using these examples and return to the editor,
and we'll be pasting our own code into the SQL editor here.
So let me go back to my VS Code editor and grab the
code that we're using in this case.
I'm going to copy the entire thing,
and we'll go back over here to the SQL editor and paste it
over everything that's currently in here,
so that we can look at it before we get started.
So now that we've pasted this in, let's click Save and run,
and then review what's going on. At the very top, we're creating or
replacing a stream called DESTINATION_SQL_STREAM,
and we're creating two different columns inside of this creation,
the product_sold and the total_items,
and we're getting both of these from the incoming data.
So when we created that Python script that had the
product_sold value all the way up in the top here,
where it was randomly choosing between socks and jackets and other things,
this is getting directly piped into our Kinesis data stream, and
ends up showing up in our Kinesis Data Analytics application so
we can use that value coming in.
Then we're also going to want to see the total items for each of
these products, and in order to get all this data,
we'll have this new section here which uses a bunch of
Kinesis Data Analytics specific syntax.
I'm not going to dive into too much detail there.
Essentially,
all you really need to know is that we're processing that
incoming data from the Kinesis data stream,
and we're selecting particular values from it.
In this case,
we're looking at the product_sold and a sum of the number
of items for that particular product.
And then we're looking at that from the SOURCE_SQL_STREAM_001
that is by default what we're calling the input source for our
Kinesis Data Analytics application.
From there, we're grouping by the name of the product sold,
and we're also taking a window of 10 seconds and looking at all the
products sold within those 10 seconds. Finally,
we're ordering by that same window so we can see these
chronologically as they go through,
and also ordering by the number of items so we can see what the
top items within these 10‑second windows are.
Now there's a lot of flexibility to what you could do with SQL.
This is just one example that will help us visualize that data coming in.
So, let's scroll down and see what happened.
Now I've been talking for a little while,
so we have a bunch of data already in here.
Now, as you can see,
we have these 10‑second windows starting with 5‑27‑20 where we have
all this data right here, and this is going to show us that the top
most sold item in this period was a jacket,
where we sold 16 jackets in this period.
And if we scroll a little further down, we can look at the next period,
which has the top sold item as a raincoat.
And if we keep scrolling through these different periods,
you'll see that they each have their own top items for the 10‑second period.
And we just got a bunch more data added,
so that scooted everything over, but let's look at this period
here where we have the shirt at the top.
And there's lots of different aggregations we could do,
this is just one example of how you can manipulate some of
this data and get the results that you want to see out of all
of the streaming data coming in.
Now, these are sampled results,
but if we wanted to output the actual results to an application,
we could then hook this up to a destination.
Now this would involve having our application send data
over to a Kinesis data stream or a Kinesis delivery
stream or an AWS Lambda function.
We're not going to do this right now, because it will add a little bit
more complexity for the cleanup process for this demo,
but now you should know how to send in streaming data from a Kinesis
data stream to a Kinesis Data Analytics application.
Now in order to make sure you're not charged for
continuing to use these resources,
hop over to the next video to see how to remove them and save yourself some money.